hey youtube I was recently involved in a
pass around on us n and it is for this
knife the hugs Hogue I think it's the e
x fo one it's kind of the fixed plate
version I guess of the exo one but it's
obviously quite a bit bigger and in way
definite this is the sheet that comes
with just great quality sheath it's got
a pocket up here in the front paracord
down here not sure if the production
version comes from this with this this
actually came directly from Alan I was
the first one on the list so he sent it
directly to me some snap connectors here
in the back a few different ways to
connect it really high-quality really
nice sheet
you should be happy with this one you
shouldn't have any need to make your own
if you get this knife here's the knife
just beautiful perfect perfect night a
nice perfect perfect knife definitely
quality
you'd have a hard time distinguishing
from custom versus production with this
knife really thick all the way to the
tip
she's got the Hobe logo right there
Allinol issue its logo and his name that
nice mirrored edge that Hogue likes to
put on their production knife
pretty much perfect grind - I don't see
any issues with the grind any issues
with the bevel Hogue does a really nice
job sharpening their knives they're
pretty much flawless at least from the
the ones I've owned and seen that's a
nice polished g10 handle it gives it
kind of that wood grain pattern kind of
a skull crusher on the end it's got four
holes can use the type paracord could do
a lot of different things with that it
actually comes with the Allen right here
that you you could pretty much pop up I
haven't done it by hand yet even though
yeah so you could do it by hand you
could take apart these handles and
there's little spaces cut out in between
here so you could store matches string
fire timber whatever you need for
survival and the tension on this Allen
inside here is really good there's no
way you're gonna shake it out pretty
much impossible to accidentally get this
to come out at least right now really
big blade nice edge feels great in the
hand
feels like kind of hard to tell if it's
a flat grind or convex kind of feels
convex either way
really nice
feels awesome it's got some jumping up
here not aggressive but it does feel
good
usually a nice it's kind of smooth but a
nice feeling on your hand
I don't see any problems with batani
or chopping with this knife it's really
beefy it's got a tough edge on it
giant tip here it is next to the four
inch the XL one can see it's quite a bit
bigger and then the three and a half
inch the exo one which I just got in a
trade from Vance here's a fly inch three
and a half inch see use compared
we can see it's definitely not a small
knife actually really big coating he
seems to be pretty good when I first got
this
I used a key to pop out the out the
allen wrench and I thought I scratched
the coating and I just rubbed it and it
wiped right off not exactly sure what
they're using on here
you know I didn't look it up before the
video but either way it's quality and
you don't not gonna have any abnormal
issues with it fit and finishes this is
pretty much amazing as I've seen with
all these hog knives they're so new to
the knife game but they're not skimping
on anything in fact I feel like they're
a step above a lot of the other
companies already and they got Alan
working with them who is a great
designer and he's definitely making sure
that putting out quality quality quality
quality
all right guys like I said this isn't my
knife it's a pass around on USN I
believe they're actually still some
openings on there so if you're
interested I would jump on there and
sign up because this knife is badass and
it'll definitely make you want to buy
one alright guys thanks for watching